Added version patterns to user-guide.rst (#1747)
fedora-infra/anitya: docs/user-guide.rst

    recent scheme and the rest will be moved to bottom unsorted.

Version Pattern
===============

> The version pattern is used to extract and match version numbers from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version pattern is used to define how the calendar version should be parsed and how they will be sorted. 
```

> project releases. It allows for specifying the format of version numbers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project releases. It allows for specifying the format for calendar versioning scheme using following patterns.
```

> using regular expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Patterns -

Reviewer: You should add empty line after this, otherwise the list will not work correctly.

- ``YYYY``: Full year (e.g., 2006, 2016, 2106).
- ``YY``: Short year (e.g., 6, 16, 106).
- ``0Y``: Zero-padded year (e.g., 06, 16, 106).
- ``MM``: Short month (e.g., 1, 2, ..., 11, 12).
- ``0M``: Zero-padded month (e.g., 01, 02, ..., 11, 12).
- ``WW``: Short week (since the start of the year) (e.g., 1, 2, 33, 52).
- ``0W``: Zero-padded week (e.g., 01, 02, 33, 52).
- ``DD``: Short day (e.g., 1, 2, ..., 30, 31).
- ``0D``: Zero-padded day (e.g., 01, 02, ..., 30, 31).

> Notes:

Reviewer: Use notes from restructured text https://sublime-and-sphinx-guide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/notes_warnings.html#notes
